Hello and welcome back. In the previous lesson, we have already installed radare2. So now we are going
to use it to solve the crackme1, which we created in the previous lessons. So if you remember, we
used Codex to create this crackme1 and crackme2. So let's try it now. Just open a command
line terminal here, and we will run crackme1. It asks for a serial number. Let us try one two three
four five six and press enter, and it says wrong serial. So we are now going to use radare2 to
solve this crackme. So let's open Codex, start a new chat, and now we got to look for the AI skill.
So go to the AI skills folder and look for the skill for radare2, which is this skill file here.
So we right click to copy the path, and over here we ask Codex to read this skill file.
Read the skill file, then analyze the crackme. So we give it the location of the crackme.
Our crackme is in the location, my crackmes folder.
So we right click the path to this crackme1, copy as path, then analyze this to find
the function where the logic, where the control flow logic exists to decide to show the string
wrong serial. Then explain it to me. So let's, we also say, if you are unsure of anything, ask me.
So here we give it extra high reasoning and hit Run. So it is now reading the skill file, and now
it has started working, and now it is looking for the strings and also disassembling the
references around it.
So now it is going to disassemble the main function and then create readable pseudocode,
and finally it managed to get the serial key for you.
It says the disassembled function is readable, and it compares the user input string against
this literal.
So this is the serial key.
So we can actually now go here and try running crackme1. Input serial, and we copy this serial
key, right click, copy, and right click, paste, hit enter, and that's it. It solved it for us.
See how powerful Codex can be when it is working directly with your tools.
So in this case, we are using Codex with radare2, and you could solve it so easily.
So now it is printing the final report out, and this is the key logic of the assembly
code, and here is the pseudocode.
So this pseudocode is an approximation of a C program for the assembly here.
And here you can see it prompts the user to input a serial number and then creates a variable
for input.
It gets the input from the user and stores it into input, and then it compares whether the input is
equal to this serial number. If it is, it will print congrats; else, it will print wrong serial.
That's it. So it works. So this is how useful Codex can be when given the tools
you can work with directly. So that's all for this video. Thank you for watching.